Update Nginx read me to reflect recommended Nginx format (#4050)
DataDog/integrations-core: nginx/README.md

  ```
  Change the `service` and `path` parameter values and configure them for your environment.
  See the [sample nginx.d/conf.yaml][6] for all available configuration options.
  

> * The default NGINX log format do not include a response time. Which is why we recommend to update the NGINX log format by adding the following in the `http` section of the NGINX configuration file (`/etc/nginx/nginx.conf`): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The default NGINX log format does not have a request response time. To include it into your logs, update the NGINX log format by adding the following configuration block in the `http` section of your NGINX configuration file (`/etc/nginx/nginx.conf`): 
```
